[SHT_LLVM_BB_ADDR_MAP] Remove support for versions 1 and 0 (SHT_LLVM_BB_ADDR_MAP_V0). (#146186)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/ReleaseNotes.md

* In llvm-objcopy/llvm-strip's ELF port, `--discard-locals` and `--discard-all` now allow and preserve symbols referenced by relocations.
  ([#47468](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/47468))
* llvm-addr2line now supports a `+` prefix when specifying an address.

> * Support for `SHT_LLVM_BB_ADDR_MAP` versions 1 and lower is dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for `SHT_LLVM_BB_ADDR_MAP` versions 1 and lower has been dropped.
```
I'd probably also be explicit and simply say "versions 0 and 1".
